A second Corinthians 6 verse 13 says,
it's good for us to open our hearts wide or widen out in our affections for our brothers and sisters.
We really need one another, especially in these difficult times.
In no way do we want our love for our brothers to be restricted somehow.
There are many ways that we can display this aspect of our Christian personality.
One way is by assisting those in our congregations who perhaps are housebound.
The following experiences will highlight how being shown loving kindness has proven to some that although they are isolated, they are not forgotten.
My friends and I decided to go swimming at a lake.
But when I dove in, I ended up hitting my head at the bottom of the lake.
I hurt my fourth and fifth vertebra and ended up becoming tetraplegic.
In July 1989, I suffered a stroke and my life changed completely.
I was a normal person, but with this stroke, it came its after effect.
I can't get around without help.
In 2009, my dad started to notice muscle weakness.
After going to a few orthopedic doctors, because he thought it might be an orthopedic issue like a back problem or not walking correctly.
He was finally referred to a neurologist.
After two long years researching his illness, the neurologist diagnosed him with amiotrophic lateral sclerosis, ALS.
I found out about the diagnosis along with the rest of my family and it was devastating to learn that his illness is progressive, degenerative and ultimately fatal.
Jehovah doesn't forget what we do for him.
And I feel that Jehovah is always present in my life.
Right now, I have some privileges in the congregation.
I'm a ministerial servant and I've received a few assignments.
My brothers are really encouraged by Fernando because even though he faces some difficulties, he makes an effort to attend the meetings and give talks.
A brother made his stand for Fernando's computer so that even lying in his bed, he can access JW.org.
He also do his research in various other jobs to fill his time.
A tablet holder was also made for him to use with his wheelchair.
I feel really grateful for the brother's help.
They're always interested in knowing how I am.
They're always trying to help me when I need it.
They don't just say they'll help but they try to live up to their promises.
We start to feel Jehovah's presence in his help and it's really worth having this help.
If the various challenges and problems Marley faces in her life, she has all the reasons in the world to feel sorry for herself, but she doesn't.
She helps others in a practical way, especially the young ones.
I didn't know how to do telephone witnessing, I'd never done it before, but Marley taught me how to witness over the phone.
She was able to help me learn a new type of witnessing.
It was very difficult for me to attend the meetings.
So the congregation set up an internet connection and it's been a gift from Jehovah.
So I'm able to watch the meetings on the computer.
Jehovah is extremely good. He really cares for us.
He is the God of all comfort.
And in all this time, Jehovah has never stopped helping my family.
Rather Miru is still an act of publisher in the congregation.
He continues to witness to his nurses.
How does he do it?
Every month his wife receives the publications, shows him all the articles, and then, during the week, he talks to the nurses.
To be honest, he listens to their problems.
So how does he manage to witness to them?
He blinks at his wife, and he remembers the subject that he had discussed with the nurse.
And he blinks to point out which publication should be given to the nurse.
At the end of the month, his wife writes down how much time was spent talking and which publication was left.
We've also made arrangements to record the meetings and take them to Miru.
Jehovah gives us strength by means of our brothers and sisters, by means of friends who know about our struggles.
The brothers in the congregation got together and did small repair jobs around the house, so it's to improve his quality of life.
At that point, he was still able to speak and very lucid, and he was really grateful for these arrangements made by the brothers in the congregation.
Loving brothers were willing to spend weeks helping out around the house.
Sometimes I feel isolated, but not forgotten.
It's worth putting up with everything we face.
We have a wonderful hope, which is something we should never forget, and we feel like Jehovah literally carries us in his arms.